Add aliases to the JSON schema (#5369)
simple-icons/simple-icons: CONTRIBUTING.md

In general, make sure the URL does not contain any tracking identifiers.

> #### Aliases

Reviewer: Our contributing guidelines are starting to get a bit cluttered to the point where new contributors are starting to be confused by them. As aliases are very much secondary information, should we document them in a separate file linked from `CONTRIBUTING.md`? Alternatively we could, separately to this PR, look into rewriting the guidelines completely to provide better clarity for new contributors.

Author: I'd be in favor of keeping one document, this keeps it easily searchable with <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F</kbd>.

I'm fine with restructuring but as I said before I think that will create a lot of discussion so would prefer to do that seperately.

> Lastly, we aim to provide aliases of three types for various reasons. Each type of alias and their motivation can be found below. If you're unsure, you can mention an alias you're considering in your Pull Request so it can be discussed.

Reviewer: Small linguistic fix:
```suggestion
Lastly, we aim to provide aliases of three types for various reasons. Each type of alias and its purpose can be found below. If you're unsure, you can mention an alias you're considering in your Pull Request so it can be discussed.
```

##### Also Known As

> We collect "also known as" names to make it easier to find brands that are known by different names or by their abbreviation/full name. To add an "also known as" name you add the following to the icon data:

Reviewer: Should we make mention here that "different names" does not include localised names which are documented below?

```json
{
  "title": "the original title",
  "aliases": {
    "aka": [

>       "tot"

Reviewer 2: Maybe adding another example here to increase readability? This array looks to me more like a configuration file :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
      "tot",
      "thetitle"
```

    ]
  }
}
```

Where the string is **different** from the original title as well as all other strings in the list.

##### Duplicates

> We collect the name of duplicates, brands that use the same logo but have a different name, to prevent duplicating an SVG while at the same time making the SVG available under the name of the duplicate. To add a duplicate you add the following to the icon data:

Reviewer: Missing an "s" here and we should probably go with "icon" instead of "logo":
```suggestion
We collect the names of duplicates, brands that use the same icon but have a different name, to prevent duplicating an SVG while at the same time making the SVG available under the name of the duplicate. To add a duplicate you add the following to the icon data:
```

> ```json5

Reviewer: Minor tyo:
```suggestion
```json
```

Reviewer 2: Note that the code block has comments, it is in JSON5 format.

Reviewer 2: After a bit of searching, I think that [`jsonc` (JSON with comments)](https://stackoverflow.com/a/55708553/9167585) fits better the needs here. Note that is supported by ]Github Flavored Markdown code blocks (linguist)](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/e6860ab64b463e022294b0f71d468d5243687027/lib/linguist/languages.yml#L2569).

Author: Indeed, alternative could be to use `js` instead of `json5` but I would say that is even more confusing.

{

>   "title": "the original title",

Reviewer 2: The data `_data/simple-icons.json` file is indented using 4 spaces, these new examples should use the same indentation of previous examples already defined inside Contribution Guidelines.

  "hex": "123456",
  "aliases": {
    "dup": [
      {
        "title": "the duplicate's title",
        "hex": "654321", // Only if different from original's color

>         "guidelines": "..." // Only if different from original's guidelines
>       }

Reviewer 2: Maybe the `license` field should be added here, if it is different from the original?

```suggestion
        "guidelines": "...", // Only if different from original's guidelines
        "license": {"..."} // Only if different from original's license
      }
```

Author: If it's the same SVG I don't know how the license can be different :thinking:

Reviewer 2: Yes, it would be very strange. Lets keep as is and, if we find that edge case, we can document here later.
